Notes 8/27/2020:

+	Hepafilter?

+	Word it as: this is what we are doing on different properties

+	Do not promote either one, simply our current action

+	Talk about both items, not just UV - incorperate Plasma Filter as well

GPS - iMOD:
--------------------------------------

A recent study has concluded that needlepoint bipolar ionization can kill over 99% of all pathogens.
This technology is very safe and has been around for decades, but its potential for this new application has just been realized.
Creating less than 5 particles of ozone for every million air particles (5 ppm), bipolar ionization technology is entirely safe for indoor applications.
It does not create anything that is not already found in the atmosphere, and instead removed harmful contaminants from the air around it.
Additionally, the GPS-iMOD can be installed very easily in new or existing HVAC systems, making it a convienent, cost-effective prevention method for the workplace.
If you are interesed in having the GPS-iMOD installed, or if you would like more information, please contact Air-Tec.

Sanuvox - Biowall:
-------------------------------------
Tested by the EPA for Homeland Security, Sanuvox's Bio-Wall Max is proven to eliminenate pathogens with harmless UV air purification.
Installed paralell to the airstream in supply or return ducts, this device maximizes its contact with circulating air, allowing it to ellimenate up to 99.9% of contaminants.
Air flows through the existing HVAC system ultil it encounters a "barrier wall" of UV energy, which inactivates harmful bacteria and germs and greatly improves indoor air quality.
While this concept was originally applied in the agricultural industry, it has been recently adapted to service medical, militaty, and commercial facilities.
If you would like to install Sanuvox's Bio-Wall MAX, or if you'd like more information, please contact Air-Tec.

Hepafilter: 
-------------------------------------
High Efficiency Particulate Absorber (HEPA) Filters are specifically designed to filter pollutants and contaminants that pass through them. This is particularly relevant for 
any particles that may contian viruses. The EPA has stated that these filters can "reduce airborn contaminant including viruses in a building, [and] when used along with other 
best practices recommended by CDC and others, filtration can be part of a plan to protect people indoors" [Source]. COVID-19 is transmitted largely though droplets, but 
these droplets will make their way into air filtration systems. This has been verified, as the RNA from other viruses that are transmitted through the same methods have
previously been found on filters. If you are interested in upgrading your system so that your buildings HEPA Filter is adaquate, or if you would like more information,
please contact Air-Tec.